It's now time to change your login and point to return information in a more standard way.
We're going to use JWT or JSON.
Web token is an industry standard to exchange security claims between two systems to parties to applications.
Jason What token looks like this is an encoded string of characters and then can then be decoded to
check this information and it can be validated if the if it's properly signed.
We're going to start.
The first thing is to change bom.
We need to add dependencies here to to use json a token.
So I'm going to add a new dependency to be hired or JSON web token.
And the first one that I need to add is JWT API.
I need to add another dependency which is also IO dot Jason or token because this API doesn't have implementation.
So I need to pick one in the implementation.
It would be needed at runtime.
And I add a third dependency which will be done when we want to, uh, and marshal the object into Jason.
So to, to use on the API we need IO dot Jason web token.
We could use either Jason or Jackson.
I'm going to use Jackson.
I can leave now the presentation mode reload maven and I can go to my authentication controller here.
I will first change my log in response.
We don't want to return it.
First name, last name, email.
So I'm going to delete all of this.
I'm going to just return a string with token.
And here this will not be a user, it will be a token.
And in my log in response, I will just return.
Token dot get token will be a token object, not a string.
So here my changes are done.
And we need to create a new class.
I need to create a new class here.
I will call it token.
And.
Yes.
To be a private final string token.
I will need to get there for this.
I will create a constructor.
But it would be a private constructor.
Okay, this is so I don't allow this class to be instantiated.
And I will build a public static.
Uh, factory method of.
I need a long user ID.
I need a long, uh, validity in minutes, and I need a string.
Secret key.
I will implement also a private static.
Uh, method.
Well, let me do this for now.
So I'll just return here.
I will other var.
I will call it issue.
He should wait.
And it will be.
Instance?
No.
And these will return to an object, you know.
So I will then use your WTS builder.
It'll be my token of our token.
So she told Yes Builder, I will either claim my claim will be a user ID value.
It will be user ID.
I will also set issue at issue date.
Issued a notice of type instance and these uses dates to create the date from instance we are going
to use to.
Javits changes U.S. into dates into that API so we lose proper fields.
We need to set also the expiration date and these will to be also date.
From Mateta.
I will say that is no.
Plus.
Uh, so it's issue date plus.
Validity in minutes and then I will use temporal units.
Uh, coronal unit minutes
sine which.
Signature algorithm.
It's just two, five, six.
And I will lose my secret key here.
And then I will return these with compact.
This will be my token, so I'll return.
Token of token.
Sorry.
Return.
Eternity is actually.
You too can.
We this?
Okay.
So.
And I say, okay, so this is how I usually return my token.
No one motorization service in logging.
I will still find by email.
I will still see the passwords much.
But here then I will return token of user get I.D..
I would love the validity of one minute.
Can say 10 minutes.
I am adding the L because it's long 19th.
And here I have my very long and secured and.
Safe, secret key.
They will say that this is for my access token.
Have an issue.
Huge.
Yes.
Returns of type token.
And it sits on my service.
So now my controller, everything is fine.
I can launch my application.
Now if I try to log in.
Okay.
I made a mistake here.
Let's stop this on my token.
These secret needs to be built in base64, so I need to do base64.
ENCODE.
Uh, getting colder.
Getting colder, getting colder and cold to string.
Then he will use secret key and the secret key being bites.
So get bites in your it, which is what you're using.
I run this again.
I sent my authentication and now I have a token.
I can copy the token here.
I can pass it here.
Handed off my user ID.
He should at expiration date evaluate signature because it's not validated yet.
But this token contains the information I want.
I will have to work my.
Secrets here.
To validate.
I can also do that.
Just to show.
It works.
So I'll take my secret key.
I mean it here.
And as you can see, the signature is valid.
So we are able to the coast tokenised and validated it was properly sent.